feat(js): Add log options (#14795)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/options.mdx

A list of strings or regex patterns matching span names that shouldn't be sent to Sentry. When using strings, partial matches will be filtered out, so if you need to filter by exact match, use regex patterns instead. You can also provide an object with a `name` and `op` property to match both the span name and the operation name. Note that at least `name` or `op` must be provided.

If a root span matches any of the specified patterns, the entire local trace will be dropped. If a child span matches, its children will be reparented to the dropped span's parent span.

By default, no spans are ignored.

</SdkOption>

## Logs Options

<SdkOption name="enableLogs" type='boolean' defaultValue='false'>

> Set this option to `true` to enable log capturing in Sentry. Only when this is enabled will the `logger` APIs actually send logs to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this option to `true` to capture logs in Sentry. The `logger` APIs will only send logs to Sentry when this option is enabled.
```

Reviewer: Ah, thanks for the context @mydea! That makes sense.
